Document radicle workflow (#430)
radicle-dev/heartwood: radicle-cli/examples/workflow/4-patching.md

When contributing to another's project, it is common for the contribution to be
of many commits and involve a discussion with the project's maintainer.  This is supported

> via Radicle's patches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
via Radicle *patches*.
```

Here we give a brief overview for using patches in our hypothetical car
scenario.  It turns out instructions containing the power requirements were
missing from the project.

```
$ git checkout -b flux-capacitor-power
$ touch REQUIREMENTS
```

> Here the instructions are added to the project's README for 1.21 gigawatts and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here the instructions are added to the project's `REQUIREMENTS` for 1.21 gigawatts and
```

> commit the changes to git.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
committed to git.
```

```
$ git add REQUIREMENTS
$ git commit -v -m "Define power requirements"
[flux-capacitor-power 3e674d1] Define power requirements
 1 file changed, 0 insertions(+), 0 deletions(-)
 create mode 100644 REQUIREMENTS
```

> Once the code is ready, we open (or create) a patch with our changes for the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the code is ready, we open a patch with our proposed changes.
```

```
$ rad patch open --message "Define power requirements" --message "See details."
✓ Pushing HEAD to storage...
✓ Analyzing remotes...

master <- z6Mkt67…v4N1tRk/flux-capacitor-power (3e674d1)

1 commit(s) ahead, 0 commit(s) behind

3e674d1 Define power requirements

✓ Patch a07ef7743a32a2e902672ea3526d1db6ee08108a created 🌱

To publish your patch to the network, run:
    rad push

```

It will now be listed as one of the project's open patches.

```
$ rad patch

❲YOU PROPOSED❳

Define power requirements a07ef7743a3 R0 3e674d1 (flux-capacitor-power) ahead 1, behind 0
└─ * opened by did:key:z6Mkt67GdsW7715MEfRuP4pSZxJRJh6kj6Y48WRqVv4N1tRk (you) [..]
└─ * patch id a07ef7743a32a2e902672ea3526d1db6ee08108a

❲OTHERS PROPOSED❳

Nothing to show.

$ rad patch show a07ef7743a32a2e902672ea3526d1db6ee08108a

Define power requirements

See details.

commit 3e674d1a1df90807e934f9ae5da2591dd6848a33
Author: radicle <radicle@localhost>
Date:   Thu Dec 15 17:28:04 2022 +0000

    Define power requirements

diff --git a/REQUIREMENTS b/REQUIREMENTS
new file mode 100644
index 0000000..e69de29

```

> Wait, lets add a README too! Just for fun.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Wait, let's add a README too! Just for fun.
```

```
$ touch README.md
$ git add README.md
$ git commit --message "Add README, just for the fun"
[flux-capacitor-power 27857ec] Add README, just for the fun
 1 file changed, 0 insertions(+), 0 deletions(-)
 create mode 100644 README.md
$ rad patch update --message "Add README, just for the fun" a07ef7743a32a2e902672ea3526d1db6ee08108a

🌱 Updating patch for heartwood

✓ Pushing HEAD to storage...
✓ Analyzing remotes...

a07ef7743a3 R0 (3e674d1) -> R1 (27857ec)
1 commit(s) ahead, 0 commit(s) behind

✓ Patch a07ef7743a32a2e902672ea3526d1db6ee08108a updated 🌱

```

And lets leave a quick comment for our team:

```
$ rad comment a07ef7743a32a2e902672ea3526d1db6ee08108a --message 'I cannot wait to get back to the 90s!'
73b006df6f494e6fb9f9b9e8ad152091fc25db69
$ rad comment a07ef7743a32a2e902672ea3526d1db6ee08108a --message 'I cannot wait to get back to the 90s!' --reply-to 73b006df6f494e6fb9f9b9e8ad152091fc25db69

> 15f511ffafdc37a97703a381c9f974b52c9e8a80

Reviewer: Maybe remove the second comment?

Reviewer: :point_up:

```

Now, let's checkout the patch that we just created:

```
$ rad patch checkout a07ef7743a32a2e902672ea3526d1db6ee08108a
✓ Performing patch checkout...
✓ Switched to branch patch/a07ef7743a3

> ```

Reviewer: I'd leave this out, since it's in `rad-patch.md` and we should already be on the branch of the patch we created.

Reviewer: :point_up:
